From patcam at python.org  Wed Feb  1 01:14:35 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Tue, 31 Jan 2012 19:14:35 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Contributor Agreement
In-Reply-To: <4F27594C.5060801@stoneleaf.us>
References: <4F27594C.5060801@stoneleaf.us>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJJY2N4Z6t3N1DNUsyE3tiCb73J0Mu7jnDYdT1yR0fw4Q@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Ethan:

We have received and processed your contributor agreement. It
has been added to the PSF bug tracker online.

Thanks,
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator

On Mon, Jan 30, 2012 at 10:00 PM, Ethan Furman <ethan at stoneleaf.us> wrote:

> Attached is my contributor agreement.
>
> Thanks!
>
> ~Ethan~
>



-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120131/0af9f0ef/attachment.html>

From michael at voidspace.org.uk  Thu Feb  2 16:35:15 2012
From: michael at voidspace.org.uk (Michael Foord)
Date: Thu, 02 Feb 2012 15:35:15 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] PyCon and the Python Language Summit: register
	*today*
Message-ID: <4F2AAD33.3000604@voidspace.org.uk>

Hello all,

If you're intending to come to the Python Language Summit, or PyCon at 
all, you will need to register (including hotel) within the next 24 
hours. PyCon attendance is capped at 1500 this year and it looks like 
that limit will be hit very shortly, after which it will not be possible 
to attend.

All the best,

Michael Foord

-- 
http://www.voidspace.org.uk/

May you do good and not evil
May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others
May you share freely, never taking more than you give.
-- the sqlite blessing http://www.sqlite.org/different.html


From merwok at netwok.org  Sun Feb  5 13:52:25 2012
From: merwok at netwok.org (=?UTF-8?B?w4lyaWMgQXJhdWpv?=)
Date: Sun, 05 Feb 2012 13:52:25 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Including bugfix releases in schedule PEPs
Message-ID: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>

Hi,

I?m often wondering when the new bugfix releases will take place, to
know how much time I have to fix some critical bugs.  The ?Python X.Y
release schedule? PEPs stop at the X.Yf0 release.  Would it be a good
idea if release managers updated these PEPs to let us know of their plans?

Cheers

From petri at digip.org  Sun Feb  5 14:46:44 2012
From: petri at digip.org (Petri Lehtinen)
Date: Sun, 5 Feb 2012 15:46:44 +0200
Subject: [python-committers] Including bugfix releases in schedule PEPs
In-Reply-To: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>
References: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>
Message-ID: <20120205134644.GA1955@ihaa>

?ric Araujo wrote:
> I?m often wondering when the new bugfix releases will take place, to
> know how much time I have to fix some critical bugs.  The ?Python X.Y
> release schedule? PEPs stop at the X.Yf0 release.  Would it be a good
> idea if release managers updated these PEPs to let us know of their plans?

+1

This has bugged me, too.

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Sun Feb  5 19:56:28 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Sun, 05 Feb 2012 19:56:28 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Including bugfix releases in schedule PEPs
In-Reply-To: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>
References: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>
Message-ID: <jgmjco$5f5$1@dough.gmane.org>

Am 05.02.2012 13:52, schrieb ?ric Araujo:
> Hi,
> 
> I?m often wondering when the new bugfix releases will take place, to
> know how much time I have to fix some critical bugs.  The ?Python X.Y
> release schedule? PEPs stop at the X.Yf0 release.  Would it be a good
> idea if release managers updated these PEPs to let us know of their plans?

Good idea, I've updated PEP 392.

Georg


From barry at python.org  Mon Feb  6 17:03:07 2012
From: barry at python.org (Barry Warsaw)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 11:03:07 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Including bugfix releases in schedule PEPs
In-Reply-To: <jgmjco$5f5$1@dough.gmane.org>
References: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>
	<jgmjco$5f5$1@dough.gmane.org>
Message-ID: <20120206110307.5d4014fe@resist.wooz.org>

On Feb 05, 2012, at 07:56 PM, Georg Brandl wrote:

>Am 05.02.2012 13:52, schrieb ?ric Araujo:
>> Hi,
>> 
>> I?m often wondering when the new bugfix releases will take place, to
>> know how much time I have to fix some critical bugs.  The ?Python X.Y
>> release schedule? PEPs stop at the X.Yf0 release.  Would it be a good
>> idea if release managers updated these PEPs to let us know of their plans?
>
>Good idea, I've updated PEP 392.

Yep, great idea.  I've updated PEP 361 (the 2.6 part of it).

-Barry

From brett at python.org  Mon Feb  6 22:55:19 2012
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 16:55:19 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>

On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 08:04, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk>wrote:

> Hello Python Committers,
>
> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US
> conference.
>
> The language summit will be in the conference hotel, to discuss the
> ongoing development of the Python language. It will be held on the
>  *Wednesday* before the conference (Wednesday 7th March), a change from
> previous years.
>
> The language summit is an invite only event. All Python core developers,
> plus selected others, are invited. If you would like to attend, for all or
> part of the day, please respond off list to me so I can keep a track of
> numbers.
>
> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me
> know.
>

With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor
compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to discuss
what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code to happen
(if any).
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120206/a0849812/attachment.html>

From michael at voidspace.org.uk  Mon Feb  6 23:02:02 2012
From: michael at voidspace.org.uk (Michael Foord)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 22:02:02 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <3D32F4D0-8E1A-43B4-BF49-66FC610947D3@voidspace.org.uk>


On 6 Feb 2012, at 21:55, Brett Cannon wrote:

> 
> 
> On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 08:04, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
> Hello Python Committers,
> 
> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US conference.
> 
> The language summit will be in the conference hotel, to discuss the ongoing development of the Python language. It will be held on the  *Wednesday* before the conference (Wednesday 7th March), a change from previous years.
> 
> The language summit is an invite only event. All Python core developers, plus selected others, are invited. If you would like to attend, for all or part of the day, please respond off list to me so I can keep a track of numbers.
> 
> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me know.
> 
> With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code to happen (if any).


Added. We have a healthier looking list of topics to discuss now. 


Which namespace PEP (382 or 402, if either) is to be accepted for 3.3. Barry Warsaw

How can the PSF help alternate implementations. Steve Holden

Experimental packages in the standard library.

Splitting out standard library into a separate repo. Barry Warsaw

Proposed changes to the release cycle (and LTS releases).

What we can do to get speed.python.org going. And all of this plays into what the other VMs need from CPython for Python 3 support to be easier. Brett Cannon 

What can be done in Python 3 to make web development easier.

virtualenv-like functionality in Python. Vinay Sajip and Carl Meyer

importlib bootstrap -- Brett

All the best,

Michael Foord


--
http://www.voidspace.org.uk/


May you do good and not evil
May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others
May you share freely, never taking more than you give.
-- the sqlite blessing 
http://www.sqlite.org/different.html






From solipsis at pitrou.net  Mon Feb  6 23:07:02 2012
From: solipsis at pitrou.net (Antoine Pitrou)
Date: Mon, 06 Feb 2012 23:07:02 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <1328566022.3478.20.camel@localhost.localdomain>

Le lundi 06 f?vrier 2012 ? 16:55 -0500, Brett Cannon a ?crit :
> 
> 
> With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor
> compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to
> discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code
> to happen (if any).

Many of us won't be able to go to the Summit, so I'd certainly prefer if
it were discussed through regular communication media.  importlib will
have a critical impact and the maintenance burden will fall on all of
us.

Regards

Antoine.



From greg at krypto.org  Mon Feb  6 23:14:08 2012
From: greg at krypto.org (Gregory P. Smith)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 14:14:08 -0800
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <3D32F4D0-8E1A-43B4-BF49-66FC610947D3@voidspace.org.uk>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
	<3D32F4D0-8E1A-43B4-BF49-66FC610947D3@voidspace.org.uk>
Message-ID: <CAGE7PNKarJdBTJ8wrJsXzf682pG5WzHpbdxk3N++ZNR3-oQAug@mail.gmail.com>

On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 2:02 PM, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
>
> On 6 Feb 2012, at 21:55, Brett Cannon wrote:
>
>>
>>
>> On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 08:04, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
>> Hello Python Committers,
>>
>> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US conference.
>>
>> The language summit will be in the conference hotel, to discuss the ongoing development of the Python language. It will be held on the ?*Wednesday* before the conference (Wednesday 7th March), a change from previous years.
>>
>> The language summit is an invite only event. All Python core developers, plus selected others, are invited. If you would like to attend, for all or part of the day, please respond off list to me so I can keep a track of numbers.
>>
>> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me know.
>>
>> With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code to happen (if any).
>
>
> Added. We have a healthier looking list of topics to discuss now.
>
>
> Which namespace PEP (382 or 402, if either) is to be accepted for 3.3. Barry Warsaw
>
> How can the PSF help alternate implementations. Steve Holden
>
> Experimental packages in the standard library.
>
> Splitting out standard library into a separate repo. Barry Warsaw
>
> Proposed changes to the release cycle (and LTS releases).
>
> What we can do to get speed.python.org going. And all of this plays into what the other VMs need from CPython for Python 3 support to be easier. Brett Cannon
>
> What can be done in Python 3 to make web development easier.
>
> virtualenv-like functionality in Python. Vinay Sajip and Carl Meyer
>
> importlib bootstrap -- Brett
>

Could we collect links to some background reading (whether they be
mailing list threads, blog posts, + posts, etc) on each of the topics
(wiki page?) and send that out several days before the meeting so that
more of us can be up to speed beforehand?

For example I'm not up on the current issues impacting web development
under Python 3 and I doubt I'm the only one (or if I am, yay me!).

-gps

From michael at voidspace.org.uk  Tue Feb  7 00:13:32 2012
From: michael at voidspace.org.uk (Michael Foord)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 23:13:32 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <CAGE7PNKarJdBTJ8wrJsXzf682pG5WzHpbdxk3N++ZNR3-oQAug@mail.gmail.com>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
	<3D32F4D0-8E1A-43B4-BF49-66FC610947D3@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAGE7PNKarJdBTJ8wrJsXzf682pG5WzHpbdxk3N++ZNR3-oQAug@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <9229EAF3-C1FE-402A-94B7-EC4D72AC8BC0@voidspace.org.uk>


On 6 Feb 2012, at 22:14, Gregory P. Smith wrote:

> On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 2:02 PM, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
>> 
>> On 6 Feb 2012, at 21:55, Brett Cannon wrote:
>> 
>>> 
>>> 
>>> On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 08:04, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
>>> Hello Python Committers,
>>> 
>>> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US conference.
>>> 
>>> The language summit will be in the conference hotel, to discuss the ongoing development of the Python language. It will be held on the  *Wednesday* before the conference (Wednesday 7th March), a change from previous years.
>>> 
>>> The language summit is an invite only event. All Python core developers, plus selected others, are invited. If you would like to attend, for all or part of the day, please respond off list to me so I can keep a track of numbers.
>>> 
>>> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me know.
>>> 
>>> With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code to happen (if any).
>> 
>> 
>> Added. We have a healthier looking list of topics to discuss now.
>> 
>> 
>> Which namespace PEP (382 or 402, if either) is to be accepted for 3.3. Barry Warsaw
>> 
>> How can the PSF help alternate implementations. Steve Holden
>> 
>> Experimental packages in the standard library.
>> 
>> Splitting out standard library into a separate repo. Barry Warsaw
>> 
>> Proposed changes to the release cycle (and LTS releases).
>> 
>> What we can do to get speed.python.org going. And all of this plays into what the other VMs need from CPython for Python 3 support to be easier. Brett Cannon
>> 
>> What can be done in Python 3 to make web development easier.
>> 
>> virtualenv-like functionality in Python. Vinay Sajip and Carl Meyer
>> 
>> importlib bootstrap -- Brett
>> 
> 
> Could we collect links to some background reading (whether they be
> mailing list threads, blog posts, + posts, etc) on each of the topics
> (wiki page?) and send that out several days before the meeting so that
> more of us can be up to speed beforehand?

"We" certainly could. Who is "we" in this case?

Michael

> 
> For example I'm not up on the current issues impacting web development
> under Python 3 and I doubt I'm the only one (or if I am, yay me!).
> 
> -gps
> 


--
http://www.voidspace.org.uk/


May you do good and not evil
May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others
May you share freely, never taking more than you give.
-- the sqlite blessing 
http://www.sqlite.org/different.html






From dmalcolm at redhat.com  Tue Feb  7 02:25:41 2012
From: dmalcolm at redhat.com (David Malcolm)
Date: Mon, 06 Feb 2012 20:25:41 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
Message-ID: <1328577942.3741.126.camel@surprise>

On Tue, 2012-01-10 at 13:04 +0000, Michael Foord wrote:
> Hello Python Committers,
> 
> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US conference.
[...]
> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me know.

I sincerely hope that we'll have secured the various python runtimes
against hash collision denial-of-service attacks by the time of the
language summit, but if not, we probably ought to talk about the issue
then.

Thanks
Dave


From brian at python.org  Tue Feb  7 02:36:36 2012
From: brian at python.org (Brian Curtin)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2012 19:36:36 -0600
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
Message-ID: <CAD+XWwoL3Qe4E6MGG1nx-3KjvZjDy0vfkjdBFY5KpD6ZjVFdhA@mail.gmail.com>

On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 07:04, Michael Foord <michael at voidspace.org.uk> wrote:
> Hello Python Committers,
>
> As usual we will hold a Python Language Summit before the PyCon US conference.
>
> If you have topics you would like to see on the agenda please also let me know.

I wouldn't mind a chat about what's happening with PEP-397 (Windows
launcher), but I don't think there's a big enough Windows audience at
the summit to put it on the agenda. If anyone there wants to talk
about it before/after/at lunch/in a breakout session, I'd be
interested.

http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0397/

From brett at python.org  Tue Feb  7 17:09:04 2012
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Tue, 7 Feb 2012 11:09:04 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <1328566022.3478.20.camel@localhost.localdomain>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
	<1328566022.3478.20.camel@localhost.localdomain>
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W6LSFWESTTN+9f8CYpVKn_uWnEQMjys-N=JiGikMkQCGw@mail.gmail.com>

On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 17:07, Antoine Pitrou <solipsis at pitrou.net> wrote:

> Le lundi 06 f?vrier 2012 ? 16:55 -0500, Brett Cannon a ?crit :
> >
> >
> > With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor
> > compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to
> > discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of the code
> > to happen (if any).
>
> Many of us won't be able to go to the Summit, so I'd certainly prefer if
> it were discussed through regular communication media.  importlib will
> have a critical impact and the maintenance burden will fall on all of
> us.
>

I'm happy to start the discussion now on this list but keep the item on the
agenda to discuss any lingering details in person. I'll start a separate
email on this.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120207/ca08e008/attachment.html>

From mfoord at python.org  Tue Feb  7 17:10:34 2012
From: mfoord at python.org (Michael Foord)
Date: Tue, 07 Feb 2012 16:10:34 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W6LSFWESTTN+9f8CYpVKn_uWnEQMjys-N=JiGikMkQCGw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
	<1328566022.3478.20.camel@localhost.localdomain>
	<CAP1=2W6LSFWESTTN+9f8CYpVKn_uWnEQMjys-N=JiGikMkQCGw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F314CFA.4030800@python.org>

On 07/02/2012 16:09, Brett Cannon wrote:
>
>
> On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 17:07, Antoine Pitrou <solipsis at pitrou.net 
> <mailto:solipsis at pitrou.net>> wrote:
>
>     Le lundi 06 f?vrier 2012 ? 16:55 -0500, Brett Cannon a ?crit :
>     >
>     >
>     > With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just minor
>     > compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't hurt to
>     > discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging of
>     the code
>     > to happen (if any).
>
>     Many of us won't be able to go to the Summit, so I'd certainly
>     prefer if
>     it were discussed through regular communication media.  importlib will
>     have a critical impact and the maintenance burden will fall on all of
>     us.
>
>
> I'm happy to start the discussion now on this list but keep the item 
> on the agenda to discuss any lingering details in person. I'll start a 
> separate email on this.

I certainly don't think the language summit should be the *only* place 
we discuss this, but then neither do I think we *shouldn't* discuss it 
at the language summit. So yes. :-)

Michael

>
>
> _______________________________________________
> python-committers mailing list
> python-committers at python.org
> http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-committers


-- 
http://www.voidspace.org.uk/

May you do good and not evil
May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others
May you share freely, never taking more than you give.
-- the sqlite blessing http://www.sqlite.org/different.html

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120207/38e84ec9/attachment.html>

From solipsis at pitrou.net  Tue Feb  7 17:10:00 2012
From: solipsis at pitrou.net (Antoine Pitrou)
Date: Tue, 07 Feb 2012 17:10:00 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon US
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W6LSFWESTTN+9f8CYpVKn_uWnEQMjys-N=JiGikMkQCGw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <D4FE2A1F-6F93-471D-8489-F6DD3D06D72A@voidspace.org.uk>
	<CAP1=2W7u=WdVg35nTXRb1dHO=w0-ig4m628sET5D3TB=ya5YJg@mail.gmail.com>
	<1328566022.3478.20.camel@localhost.localdomain>
	<CAP1=2W6LSFWESTTN+9f8CYpVKn_uWnEQMjys-N=JiGikMkQCGw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <1328631000.3338.7.camel@localhost.localdomain>

Le mardi 07 f?vrier 2012 ? 11:09 -0500, Brett Cannon a ?crit :
> 
> 
> On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 17:07, Antoine Pitrou <solipsis at pitrou.net>
> wrote:
>         Le lundi 06 f?vrier 2012 ? 16:55 -0500, Brett Cannon a ?crit :
>         >
>         >
>         > With the importlib bootstrap work close to being done (just
>         minor
>         > compatibility issues at this point), it probably wouldn't
>         hurt to
>         > discuss what exactly needs to be done to allow the merging
>         of the code
>         > to happen (if any).
>         
>         
>         Many of us won't be able to go to the Summit, so I'd certainly
>         prefer if
>         it were discussed through regular communication media.
>          importlib will
>         have a critical impact and the maintenance burden will fall on
>         all of
>         us.
> 
> 
> I'm happy to start the discussion now on this list but keep the item
> on the agenda to discuss any lingering details in person. I'll start a
> separate email on this.

I think python-dev is better. There's no reason not to involve
non-committers.

Regards

Antoine.



From patcam at python.org  Tue Feb  7 23:45:05 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Tue, 7 Feb 2012 17:45:05 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Contributor agreement bug 9750
In-Reply-To: <CAJ0yFayeBs_h+rVfRF=qm2pE-0=kGHzJKj4xs2mxuPtfxhHvCA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAJ0yFayeBs_h+rVfRF=qm2pE-0=kGHzJKj4xs2mxuPtfxhHvCA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJ2U5XANM0d-AEYUzOYFnwTuKKbVSS6dGTHf7DD3EwACg@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Marko:

We have received and processed your PSF contributor agreement. It has
also been added to the online bug tracker.

Thanks,
Pat

On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 1:49 AM, Marko Kohtala <marko.kohtala at gmail.com>wrote:

> Hi. I contributed a patch to http://bugs.python.org/issue9750 and
> understood you may require a contributor agreement to use it, even if
> it is a small patch.
>
> Here is a signed agreement.
>
> Thanks. Being able to use python has helped a lot. I'm glad if I can
> return some of the favor.
>
> Marko
>



-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120207/47ea79f8/attachment.html>

From merwok at netwok.org  Wed Feb 15 17:45:19 2012
From: merwok at netwok.org (=?UTF-8?B?w4lyaWMgQXJhdWpv?=)
Date: Wed, 15 Feb 2012 17:45:19 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Including bugfix releases in schedule PEPs
In-Reply-To: <20120206110307.5d4014fe@resist.wooz.org>
References: <4F2E7B89.7010804@netwok.org>	<jgmjco$5f5$1@dough.gmane.org>
	<20120206110307.5d4014fe@resist.wooz.org>
Message-ID: <4F3BE11F.5000001@netwok.org>

Thanks Georg and Barry!  Benjamain, will you update your release
schedule PEPs too?

Regards

From barry at python.org  Thu Feb 23 16:48:31 2012
From: barry at python.org (Barry Warsaw)
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2012 10:48:31 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Tagging release candidates, fixing issue 13704
Message-ID: <20120223104831.6905420a@resist.wooz.org>

Quick note: Benjamin and I are going to tag our respective branches for
release candidates fixing the hash security issue.  Haven't heard from Georg
yet, but I think we'll wait on the actual rc releases until he's had a chance
to tag his branches too.

Thanks everyone for all your really fantastic work on this issue.  Experiences
like this make me really proud to be part of such a great community.

Cheers,
-Barry
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: signature.asc
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 836 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120223/e2b9c165/attachment.pgp>

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Thu Feb 23 21:21:57 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2012 21:21:57 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Tagging release candidates,
	fixing issue 13704
In-Reply-To: <20120223104831.6905420a@resist.wooz.org>
References: <20120223104831.6905420a@resist.wooz.org>
Message-ID: <ji66tm$s5d$1@dough.gmane.org>

Am 23.02.2012 16:48, schrieb Barry Warsaw:
> Quick note: Benjamin and I are going to tag our respective branches for
> release candidates fixing the hash security issue.  Haven't heard from Georg
> yet, but I think we'll wait on the actual rc releases until he's had a chance
> to tag his branches too.

Since 3.2 is open for general fixes, I'm not working in the main repo.  My
release repo for 3.2.3 is here: http://hg.python.org/releasing/3.2.3/

> Thanks everyone for all your really fantastic work on this issue.  Experiences
> like this make me really proud to be part of such a great community.

+hash("ePjNTUhitHkg")!

Georg


From barry at python.org  Thu Feb 23 22:16:33 2012
From: barry at python.org (Barry Warsaw)
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2012 16:16:33 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Tagging release candidates,
 fixing issue 13704
In-Reply-To: <ji66tm$s5d$1@dough.gmane.org>
References: <20120223104831.6905420a@resist.wooz.org>
	<ji66tm$s5d$1@dough.gmane.org>
Message-ID: <20120223161633.157f60ce@resist.wooz.org>

I've now uploaded 2.6.8rc1 to its super sekrit location and added 2.6.8 pages
to www.python.org.  I won't fiddle the sidebar links until we actually release
2.6.8 final, and I think we're waiting on all the other releases being tagged
and ready to do a joint announcement.

You should be able to 2.6.8 by url hacking from the 2.6.7 pages.

Cheers,
-Barry


From benjamin at python.org  Fri Feb 24 17:49:31 2012
From: benjamin at python.org (Benjamin Peterson)
Date: Fri, 24 Feb 2012 11:49:31 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] security and bugfix releases tagged
Message-ID: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Ned and Martin,
2.7.3rc1 and 3.2.3rc1 are tagged in the repo ready for binaries.

-- 
Regards,
Benjamin

From martin at v.loewis.de  Fri Feb 24 22:32:59 2012
From: martin at v.loewis.de (=?UTF-8?B?Ik1hcnRpbiB2LiBMw7Z3aXMi?=)
Date: Fri, 24 Feb 2012 22:32:59 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] security and bugfix releases tagged
In-Reply-To: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F48020B.6000507@v.loewis.de>

Am 24.02.2012 17:49, schrieb Benjamin Peterson:
> Hi Ned and Martin,
> 2.7.3rc1 and 3.2.3rc1 are tagged in the repo ready for binaries.

  1b605fb13977c887a9554a9896b8eeee  16081986  python-2.7.3rc1-pdb.zip
  53439ec0110345225f5f0951f00bc387  17220674  python-2.7.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
  492b9357486701a58834064ee8d2db82  16449536  python-2.7.3rc1.amd64.msi
  c6ec01bc1f0e5bf20c034345ff7ca43c  15998976  python-2.7.3rc1.msi
  4314d142f060863079b9c5d1290b42c4  18225122  python-3.2.3rc1-pdb.zip
  13aafd78aee3af8039a9eaee9d36d909  19989576  python-3.2.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
  c2295f029e55eb93bebef0e721f17669  18579456  python-3.2.3rc1.amd64.msi
  03d83c331417693e8256dd69d8ee2d73  17956864  python-3.2.3rc1.msi

Regards,
Martin

From benjamin at python.org  Sat Feb 25 18:49:56 2012
From: benjamin at python.org (Benjamin Peterson)
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2012 12:49:56 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] security and bugfix releases tagged
In-Reply-To: <4F48020B.6000507@v.loewis.de>
References: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F48020B.6000507@v.loewis.de>
Message-ID: <CAPZV6o-gJ86DCiXZLuYS89hzjun0yjdjTSg_w-DR5j+ZgJYDRg@mail.gmail.com>

Thank you. Do you want to add signatures?

2012/2/24 "Martin v. L?wis" <martin at v.loewis.de>:
> Am 24.02.2012 17:49, schrieb Benjamin Peterson:
>> Hi Ned and Martin,
>> 2.7.3rc1 and 3.2.3rc1 are tagged in the repo ready for binaries.
>
> ?1b605fb13977c887a9554a9896b8eeee ?16081986 ?python-2.7.3rc1-pdb.zip
> ?53439ec0110345225f5f0951f00bc387 ?17220674 ?python-2.7.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
> ?492b9357486701a58834064ee8d2db82 ?16449536 ?python-2.7.3rc1.amd64.msi
> ?c6ec01bc1f0e5bf20c034345ff7ca43c ?15998976 ?python-2.7.3rc1.msi
> ?4314d142f060863079b9c5d1290b42c4 ?18225122 ?python-3.2.3rc1-pdb.zip
> ?13aafd78aee3af8039a9eaee9d36d909 ?19989576 ?python-3.2.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
> ?c2295f029e55eb93bebef0e721f17669 ?18579456 ?python-3.2.3rc1.amd64.msi
> ?03d83c331417693e8256dd69d8ee2d73 ?17956864 ?python-3.2.3rc1.msi
>
> Regards,
> Martin



-- 
Regards,
Benjamin

From martin at v.loewis.de  Sat Feb 25 19:31:24 2012
From: martin at v.loewis.de (=?UTF-8?B?Ik1hcnRpbiB2LiBMw7Z3aXMi?=)
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2012 19:31:24 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] security and bugfix releases tagged
In-Reply-To: <CAPZV6o-gJ86DCiXZLuYS89hzjun0yjdjTSg_w-DR5j+ZgJYDRg@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>	<4F48020B.6000507@v.loewis.de>
	<CAPZV6o-gJ86DCiXZLuYS89hzjun0yjdjTSg_w-DR5j+ZgJYDRg@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F4928FC.9080201@v.loewis.de>

>> Am 24.02.2012 17:49, schrieb Benjamin Peterson:
>>> Hi Ned and Martin,
>>> 2.7.3rc1 and 3.2.3rc1 are tagged in the repo ready for binaries.
>>
>>  1b605fb13977c887a9554a9896b8eeee  16081986  python-2.7.3rc1-pdb.zip
>>  53439ec0110345225f5f0951f00bc387  17220674  python-2.7.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
>>  492b9357486701a58834064ee8d2db82  16449536  python-2.7.3rc1.amd64.msi
>>  c6ec01bc1f0e5bf20c034345ff7ca43c  15998976  python-2.7.3rc1.msi
>>  4314d142f060863079b9c5d1290b42c4  18225122  python-3.2.3rc1-pdb.zip
>>  13aafd78aee3af8039a9eaee9d36d909  19989576  python-3.2.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
>>  c2295f029e55eb93bebef0e721f17669  18579456  python-3.2.3rc1.amd64.msi
>>  03d83c331417693e8256dd69d8ee2d73  17956864  python-3.2.3rc1.msi

Georg introduced the procedure that they are in the ftp folder, along
with the files. I quite like that, since there is no need to check them
in. If you want to continue with the past tradition, feel free to copy
them into svn, though:

http://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.7.3/python-2.7.3rc1.msi.asc
etc.

Regards,
Martin

From benjamin at python.org  Sat Feb 25 23:45:37 2012
From: benjamin at python.org (Benjamin Peterson)
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2012 17:45:37 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] security and bugfix releases tagged
In-Reply-To: <4F4928FC.9080201@v.loewis.de>
References: <CAPZV6o-ns-3St4Vt_imQtR5+XtwGKGOgGniV6N2zx7H=6evMPA@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F48020B.6000507@v.loewis.de>
	<CAPZV6o-gJ86DCiXZLuYS89hzjun0yjdjTSg_w-DR5j+ZgJYDRg@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F4928FC.9080201@v.loewis.de>
Message-ID: <CAPZV6o9wpMY_BYthSZ2M+UUcaPemWp7O-Z=-zZuOB-27me-ZTQ@mail.gmail.com>

2012/2/25 "Martin v. L?wis" <martin at v.loewis.de>:
>>> Am 24.02.2012 17:49, schrieb Benjamin Peterson:
>>>> Hi Ned and Martin,
>>>> 2.7.3rc1 and 3.2.3rc1 are tagged in the repo ready for binaries.
>>>
>>> ?1b605fb13977c887a9554a9896b8eeee ?16081986 ?python-2.7.3rc1-pdb.zip
>>> ?53439ec0110345225f5f0951f00bc387 ?17220674 ?python-2.7.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
>>> ?492b9357486701a58834064ee8d2db82 ?16449536 ?python-2.7.3rc1.amd64.msi
>>> ?c6ec01bc1f0e5bf20c034345ff7ca43c ?15998976 ?python-2.7.3rc1.msi
>>> ?4314d142f060863079b9c5d1290b42c4 ?18225122 ?python-3.2.3rc1-pdb.zip
>>> ?13aafd78aee3af8039a9eaee9d36d909 ?19989576 ?python-3.2.3rc1.amd64-pdb.zip
>>> ?c2295f029e55eb93bebef0e721f17669 ?18579456 ?python-3.2.3rc1.amd64.msi
>>> ?03d83c331417693e8256dd69d8ee2d73 ?17956864 ?python-3.2.3rc1.msi
>
> Georg introduced the procedure that they are in the ftp folder, along
> with the files. I quite like that, since there is no need to check them
> in. If you want to continue with the past tradition, feel free to copy
> them into svn, though:
>
> http://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.7.3/python-2.7.3rc1.msi.asc
> etc.

I think that's a good idea, too.


-- 
Regards,
Benjamin

