From lukasz at langa.pl  Fri Mar  2 13:59:52 2012
From: lukasz at langa.pl (=?iso-8859-2?Q?=A3ukasz_Langa?=)
Date: Fri, 2 Mar 2012 13:59:52 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon 2012
In-Reply-To: <4F50C3C8.3010805@python.org>
References: <4F50C3C8.3010805@python.org>
Message-ID: <964F6803-1DBC-4C79-978A-99857B1609FF@langa.pl>

Wiadomo?? napisana przez Michael Foord w dniu 2 mar 2012, o godz. 13:57:

> The summit will be on Wednesday 8th March at the PyCon venue.

Wednesday, the 7th?

-- 
Best regards,
?ukasz Langa
Senior Systems Architecture Engineer

IT Infrastructure Department
Grupa Allegro Sp. z o.o.

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120302/6f8e7322/attachment.html>

From michael at voidspace.org.uk  Fri Mar  2 14:01:26 2012
From: michael at voidspace.org.uk (Michael Foord)
Date: Fri, 02 Mar 2012 13:01:26 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Python Language Summit at PyCon 2012
Message-ID: <4F50C4A6.9070205@voidspace.org.uk>

Correction: Wednesday 7th March. Oops.... :-)

Hello all,

PyCon is nearly upon us, and with it the Python Language Summit.

The summit will be on Wednesday **7th** March at the PyCon venue.  The 
room will be Mission City M1, with the designation "D4" on the floor 
plan created by the PyCon organisers.

We will start proceedings at 10:30am. Coffee and snacks will be 
available at 10:00am, before we start. There will be a lunch break, and 
an afternoon break at 3pm. We will continue to around 5pm. The room will 
be set in classroom style with tables and chairs and we will (allegedly) 
have wifi available.


Topics we have tabled for discussion include:

Which namespace PEP (382 or 402, if either) is to be accepted for 3.3.

How can the PSF help alternate implementations.

Experimental packages in the standard library.

Splitting out standard library into a separate repo.

Proposed changes to the release cycle (and LTS releases).

What we can do to get speed.python.org going.

What the other VMs need from CPython for Python 3 support to be easier.

What can be done in Python 3 to make web development easier.

virtualenv-like functionality in Python.

importlib bootstrap.

PEP-397 (Windows launcher)

Securing the various python runtimes against hash collision 
denial-of-service attacks. (Complete for CPython now?)

Keyword arguments for functions / methods implemented in C:
1) Should _all_ Python base types support keyword arguments on all of 
their methods.
2) Should _all_ stdlib extension modules support keyword arguments on 
all of their functions and methods?

See you all there!

All the best,

Michael Foord

-- 
http://www.voidspace.org.uk/

May you do good and not evil
May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others
May you share freely, never taking more than you give.
-- the sqlite blessing http://www.sqlite.org/different.html

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Sun Mar  4 16:02:35 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Sun, 04 Mar 2012 16:02:35 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Working on 3.3.0a1
Message-ID: <jivvul$bgh$1@dough.gmane.org>

Hi all,

as planned in PEP 398, the first alpha of Python 3.3.0 will be released
this weekend.  I'll cut the tag today, and I assume binaries will follow
in the course of next week.

cheers,
Georg


From patcam at python.org  Mon Mar  5 22:20:26 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Mon, 5 Mar 2012 16:20:26 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Contributor Agreement
In-Reply-To: <CAMfKjGV=pmFOQgMbjpAVh36GYSDauzeyXDqQqCjopwyYs81T1A@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAMfKjGV=pmFOQgMbjpAVh36GYSDauzeyXDqQqCjopwyYs81T1A@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4d+Kdum0A2E19d7rEbxXc6OjhH-SmmcEHLCdm+2z74QcRQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Michele:

Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement. Your information will
be updated in the online bug tracker.

Pat

On Mon, Mar 5, 2012 at 5:29 AM, Michele Orr? <maker.py at gmail.com> wrote:

> The attachment contains the my "Contributor Agreement".
>
> Regards,
> --
> ?
>



-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120305/79adcb81/attachment.html>

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Fri Mar  9 07:36:44 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Fri, 09 Mar 2012 07:36:44 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
Message-ID: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>

Will we poor non-attendants get some minutes of what was discussed?

Thanks,
Georg


From senthil at uthcode.com  Fri Mar  9 07:34:12 2012
From: senthil at uthcode.com (Senthil Kumaran)
Date: Thu, 8 Mar 2012 22:34:12 -0800
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
In-Reply-To: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
References: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
Message-ID: <20120309063412.GD1910@mathmagic>

Oh sure. There were 3 of us who took some notes. Just that all of us
are busy enjoying conf that it has not seen the minutes on the mailing
list yet.

On Fri, Mar 09, 2012 at 07:36:44AM +0100, Georg Brandl wrote:
> Will we poor non-attendants get some minutes of what was discussed?
> 
> Thanks,
> Georg
> 
> _______________________________________________
> python-committers mailing list
> python-committers at python.org
> http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-committers

From brian at python.org  Fri Mar  9 09:04:15 2012
From: brian at python.org (Brian Curtin)
Date: Fri, 9 Mar 2012 02:04:15 -0600
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
In-Reply-To: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
References: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
Message-ID: <CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>

On Mar 8, 2012 10:32 PM, "Georg Brandl" <g.brandl at gmx.net> wrote:
>
> Will we poor non-attendants get some minutes of what was discussed?
>
> Thanks,
> Georg

I plan to take Senthil's, Eric Snow's, and my notes all together once
completed, then create a grand summary for all. I know Eric and I took pen
& paper notes so we'll need to transcribe, and I don't suspect I'll get to
that until I'm home - he thought the same.

I'll try to have it ready as soon as possible.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120309/7afd5a08/attachment.html>

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Fri Mar  9 09:10:23 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Fri, 09 Mar 2012 09:10:23 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
In-Reply-To: <CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>
References: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
	<CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <jjcdlm$he4$1@dough.gmane.org>

On 09.03.2012 09:04, Brian Curtin wrote:
>
> On Mar 8, 2012 10:32 PM, "Georg Brandl" <g.brandl at gmx.net
> <mailto:g.brandl at gmx.net>> wrote:
>  >
>  > Will we poor non-attendants get some minutes of what was discussed?
>  >
>  > Thanks,
>  > Georg
>
> I plan to take Senthil's, Eric Snow's, and my notes all together once completed,
> then create a grand summary for all. I know Eric and I took pen & paper notes so
> we'll need to transcribe, and I don't suspect I'll get to that until I'm home -
> he thought the same.
>
> I'll try to have it ready as soon as possible.

That's great, thanks to all of you.  Wish I were there :)

Georg


From brian at python.org  Wed Mar 14 15:22:10 2012
From: brian at python.org (Brian Curtin)
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2012 09:22:10 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
In-Reply-To: <CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>
References: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org>
	<CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAD+XWwqNuOw=17geupZ7RgTSBeT4PZbN3-woESMiybnT8+bBuQ@mail.gmail.com>

On Fri, Mar 9, 2012 at 02:04, Brian Curtin <brian at python.org> wrote:
>
> On Mar 8, 2012 10:32 PM, "Georg Brandl" <g.brandl at gmx.net> wrote:
>>
>> Will we poor non-attendants get some minutes of what was discussed?
>>
>> Thanks,
>> Georg
>
> I plan to take Senthil's, Eric Snow's, and my notes all together once
> completed, then create a grand summary for all. I know Eric and I took pen &
> paper notes so we'll need to transcribe, and I don't suspect I'll get to
> that until I'm home - he thought the same.
>
> I'll try to have it ready as soon as possible.

Only two days late, but I'll claim I was saving it as a happy Pi day
present: http://blog.python.org/2012/03/2012-language-summit-report.html

From kbk at shore.net  Wed Mar 14 19:59:23 2012
From: kbk at shore.net (Kurt B. Kaiser)
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2012 14:59:23 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Language summit
In-Reply-To: <CAD+XWwqNuOw=17geupZ7RgTSBeT4PZbN3-woESMiybnT8+bBuQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <jjc863$kg4$1@dough.gmane.org><CAD+XWwr5-kTzdDoCikqx73Dkj4ArDhZYm=7ah3psty=Wsex1+w@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAD+XWwqNuOw=17geupZ7RgTSBeT4PZbN3-woESMiybnT8+bBuQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <1331751563.996.140661049222437@webmail.messagingengine.com>


> Only two days late, but I'll claim I was saving it as a happy Pi day
> present: http://blog.python.org/2012/03/2012-language-summit-report.html

Thank you very much for taking the time to do this!

-- 
KBK


From greg at krypto.org  Thu Mar 15 02:33:24 2012
From: greg at krypto.org (Gregory P. Smith)
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2012 18:33:24 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates - expat
	DoS fix is in
Message-ID: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>

The fixes for the expat hash randomization DoS are in and working -
http://bugs.python.org/issue14234.  New stable and security fix rc2 release
candidates should be created for 2.6, 2.7, 3.1 and 3.2.

Barry and MvL agreed that this weekend should work for them to creating
release builds.

-gps
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120314/58b4f14a/attachment.html>

From benjamin at python.org  Thu Mar 15 02:35:19 2012
From: benjamin at python.org (Benjamin Peterson)
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2012 20:35:19 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates -
 expat DoS fix is in
In-Reply-To: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>

2012/3/14 Gregory P. Smith <greg at krypto.org>:
> The fixes for the expat hash randomization DoS are in and working -
> http://bugs.python.org/issue14234. ?New stable and security fix rc2 release
> candidates should be created for 2.6, 2.7, 3.1 and 3.2.

Okay. Can you tell me the commits I need to transplant to the 2.7
release branch?


-- 
Regards,
Benjamin

From greg at krypto.org  Thu Mar 15 02:39:18 2012
From: greg at krypto.org (Gregory P. Smith)
Date: Wed, 14 Mar 2012 18:39:18 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates -
 expat DoS fix is in
In-Reply-To: <CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAGE7PNL8VEorUzj_DUjAb0ZigL+_atX_L4GuJNGcuPdBycj_LA@mail.gmail.com>

On Wed, Mar 14, 2012 at 6:35 PM, Benjamin Peterson <benjamin at python.org>wrote:

> 2012/3/14 Gregory P. Smith <greg at krypto.org>:
> > The fixes for the expat hash randomization DoS are in and working -
> > http://bugs.python.org/issue14234.  New stable and security fix rc2
> release
> > candidates should be created for 2.6, 2.7, 3.1 and 3.2.
>
> Okay. Can you tell me the commits I need to transplant to the 2.7
> release branch?
>
>
For 2.7:
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/b54f5849013c
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/cb72aa8a8008

For 2.6:
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/9c8d066013ea

For 3.2:
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/d6c197edd99b
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/b2d4a6a9463e

For 3.1:
  http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/7b5bc1719477


2.6 and 3.1 only need to transplant one commit as they don't support
--with-system-expat.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120314/b32f71ca/attachment.html>

From g.brandl at gmx.net  Thu Mar 15 08:32:39 2012
From: g.brandl at gmx.net (Georg Brandl)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2012 08:32:39 +0100
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates -
	expat DoS fix is in
In-Reply-To: <CAGE7PNL8VEorUzj_DUjAb0ZigL+_atX_L4GuJNGcuPdBycj_LA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGE7PNL8VEorUzj_DUjAb0ZigL+_atX_L4GuJNGcuPdBycj_LA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <jjs5ul$nps$1@dough.gmane.org>

On 15.03.2012 02:39, Gregory P. Smith wrote:
>
>
> On Wed, Mar 14, 2012 at 6:35 PM, Benjamin Peterson <benjamin at python.org
> <mailto:benjamin at python.org>> wrote:
>
>     2012/3/14 Gregory P. Smith <greg at krypto.org <mailto:greg at krypto.org>>:
>      > The fixes for the expat hash randomization DoS are in and working -
>      > http://bugs.python.org/issue14234.  New stable and security fix rc2 release
>      > candidates should be created for 2.6, 2.7, 3.1 and 3.2.
>
>     Okay. Can you tell me the commits I need to transplant to the 2.7
>     release branch?
>
>
> For 2.7:
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/b54f5849013c
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/cb72aa8a8008
>
> For 2.6:
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/9c8d066013ea
>
> For 3.2:
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/d6c197edd99b
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/b2d4a6a9463e
>
> For 3.1:
> http://hg.python.org/cpython/rev/7b5bc1719477

Thanks.  I will do the tagging and packaging on Saturday.

Georg


From patcam at python.org  Thu Mar 15 14:49:49 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2012 09:49:49 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Contribution Form
In-Reply-To: <50EE3C75-2C5F-46A8-8CAB-49DC230A52A2@ptone.com>
References: <50EE3C75-2C5F-46A8-8CAB-49DC230A52A2@ptone.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJYcCrEdVk8oAizx2Dg_sYnwpBPJKQzwzjYQ7-3bDf5Lg@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Preston:

Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement.

Have you had a chance to create your profile on the PSF tracker
http://bugs.python.org/user? If so, please email your "username" &

I.D.number in order for the tracker to show your contributor agreement

submission to the PSF.

Thanks,
Pat




On Tue, Mar 13, 2012 at 9:00 PM, Preston Holmes <preston at ptone.com> wrote:

>
>
>
>
> -P
>
>
>


-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120315/7ec0f306/attachment.html>

From barry at python.org  Thu Mar 15 18:06:41 2012
From: barry at python.org (Barry Warsaw)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2012 10:06:41 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates -
 expat DoS fix is in
In-Reply-To: <jjs5ul$nps$1@dough.gmane.org>
References: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGE7PNL8VEorUzj_DUjAb0ZigL+_atX_L4GuJNGcuPdBycj_LA@mail.gmail.com>
	<jjs5ul$nps$1@dough.gmane.org>
Message-ID: <20120315100641.69f8912f@resist>

On Mar 15, 2012, at 08:32 AM, Georg Brandl wrote:

>Thanks.  I will do the tagging and packaging on Saturday.

I'll do the same for 2.6.

-Barry

From benjamin at python.org  Thu Mar 15 18:24:00 2012
From: benjamin at python.org (Benjamin Peterson)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2012 12:24:00 -0500
Subject: [python-committers] Time to cut new rc2 release candidates -
 expat DoS fix is in
In-Reply-To: <20120315100641.69f8912f@resist>
References: <CAGE7PN+H8NVpkpnv5Dis-=3y5tQ46GtbTLLO3F6gc21eHqnb5Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAPZV6o9gSpu8W0+Av34J11_RdmZRfWmUdBi8Za+78hZ3bPCYNg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGE7PNL8VEorUzj_DUjAb0ZigL+_atX_L4GuJNGcuPdBycj_LA@mail.gmail.com>
	<jjs5ul$nps$1@dough.gmane.org> <20120315100641.69f8912f@resist>
Message-ID: <CAPZV6o-9ehpSzHdcwBTouY14cr9BBKMb1GOGq=z+9QKYk31XgQ@mail.gmail.com>

2012/3/15 Barry Warsaw <barry at python.org>:
> On Mar 15, 2012, at 08:32 AM, Georg Brandl wrote:
>
>>Thanks. ?I will do the tagging and packaging on Saturday.
>
> I'll do the same for 2.6.

I'm traveling this weekend, so I'll probably tag today or tomorrow.


-- 
Regards,
Benjamin

From patcam at python.org  Thu Mar 15 19:26:16 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2012 14:26:16 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Contribution Form
In-Reply-To: <561C9D84-A524-428B-8F18-6F84D90CE8E2@ptone.com>
References: <50EE3C75-2C5F-46A8-8CAB-49DC230A52A2@ptone.com>
	<CAFy_4dJYcCrEdVk8oAizx2Dg_sYnwpBPJKQzwzjYQ7-3bDf5Lg@mail.gmail.com>
	<561C9D84-A524-428B-8F18-6F84D90CE8E2@ptone.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dLtD_Kfzva5tOL74BmMCEfqKioP7+W9am63Xfs0LF2ezA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Preston:

Thanks for submitting your tracker profile information. The PSF
tracker will be updated shortly.

Thanks,
Pat

On Thu, Mar 15, 2012 at 1:17 PM, Preston Holmes <preston at ptone.com> wrote:

> Pat,
>
> Username (which seems to be editable?) is Preston
>
> I assume my ID number is the one showing up when viewing my profile:
>
> user15662
>
> Thanks,
>
> -Preston
>
> On Mar 15, 2012, at 6:49 AM, Pat Campbell wrote:
>
> Hi Preston:
>
> Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement.
>
> Have you had a chance to create your profile on the PSF tracker
> http://bugs.python.org/user? If so, please email your "username" &
>
> I.D.number in order for the tracker to show your contributor agreement
>
> submission to the PSF.
>
> Thanks,
> Pat
>
>
>
> On Tue, Mar 13, 2012 at 9:00 PM, Preston Holmes <preston at ptone.com> wrote:
>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> -P
>>
>>
>>
>
>
> --
> Pat Campbell
> PSF Administrator/Secretary
> patcam at python.org
>
>
>


-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120315/d038f3db/attachment.html>

From patcam at python.org  Mon Mar 19 17:44:23 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2012 12:44:23 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Agreement form
In-Reply-To: <4F65D928.4040709@gmail.com>
References: <4F65D928.4040709@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJ=uOnK2MWLz1QF4O3v1cYiUuhg-qjXWP0fqdCrXQGh5Q@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Dionysios:

Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement. It has been added
to the online bug tracker.

Pat

On Sun, Mar 18, 2012 at 8:46 AM, Dionysios Kalofonos <peitemou at gmail.com>wrote:

> Hello,
>
> please find attached the agreement form.
>
> Kind regards,
>
> --
>  Dionysios Kalofonos
>



-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120319/cd2e7f4b/attachment.html>

From patcam at python.org  Tue Mar 20 15:00:23 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 10:00:23 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Contributor Agreement (2nd attempt)
In-Reply-To: <4F683D96.8070002@farowl.co.uk>
References: <4F683D96.8070002@farowl.co.uk>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJgVWkGGH7v_GBB-CTN+AYT_bioLdACyhvUyP2yRP2x9w@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Jeff:

Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement.
Your information has been added to the PSF bug tracker
online.

Pat

On Tue, Mar 20, 2012 at 4:19 AM, Jeff Allen <"ja...py"@farowl.co.uk> wrote:

> Please find attached a PSF Contributor Agreement as a GIF. I'm told I
> should've sent this one, not the Jython-specific one. Please let me know if
> there's any further problem with this form.
>
> Jeff Allen, Cheltenham UK
>



-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120320/21ffa535/attachment.html>

From patcam at python.org  Thu Mar 29 20:28:07 2012
From: patcam at python.org (Pat Campbell)
Date: Thu, 29 Mar 2012 14:28:07 -0400
Subject: [python-committers] Contributor Agreements
In-Reply-To: <CADf4hJ+_T=52tw66JGUhsDMW47LJwpTkYBCF_HKD=nKYo6st2Q@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CADf4hJLtgQRHa6ePXgXbwWAopbO_qesmLbPmP=ZoC88E4xZxfg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADf4hJ+_T=52tw66JGUhsDMW47LJwpTkYBCF_HKD=nKYo6st2Q@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFy_4dJ95WjxGSRLUCx4ueCdSgRTy+Vukm0P-A7QNqHbhzAy=w@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Federico:

Thank-you for submitting your contributor agreement. It has been
added to the PSF bug tracker online.

Pat

On Thu, Mar 29, 2012 at 1:21 PM, Federico Reghenzani <federico at reghe.net>wrote:

> Hello,
>
> I attached my Contributor Agreements form.
>
>
> Thank you,
> __
> Federico Reghenzani
> federico at reghe.net
> __
> Questo documento ? confidenziale e non pu? essere copiato o distribuito
> senza autorizzazione dell'autore.
> This document is confidential and cannot be copied or circulated without
> previous permission of author.
>
>
>


-- 
Pat Campbell
PSF Administrator/Secretary
patcam at python.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20120329/2faf027b/attachment.html>

