From brett at python.org  Mon Apr  4 19:45:30 2016
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Mon, 04 Apr 2016 23:45:30 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Please add your GitHub username to your
 bugs.python.org account
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>

If you go to your bugs.python.org account you will notice there is now a
"GitHub Name" field. Please fill that in with your GitHub username sometime
this month. You can see who has already filled in their username by going
to
http://bugs.python.org/user?iscommitter=1&@action=search&@sort=username&@pagesize=300
 .

Let's aim to have those fields filled in by the end of the month? It's not
a huge deal if you don't get to it in time but it makes my life easier if I
can add everyone to the python-dev -- or maybe python-commiters; haven't
chosen the name yet -- team on GitHub at once instead of piecemeal over
time. I'm hoping to get devinabox, benchmarks, peps, and devguide
repositories moved to GitHub by PyCon US, hence why I'm asking people do
this now instead of later.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160404/64d6ac1a/attachment.html>

From ncoghlan at gmail.com  Mon Apr  4 21:29:02 2016
From: ncoghlan at gmail.com (Nick Coghlan)
Date: Tue, 5 Apr 2016 11:29:02 +1000
Subject: [python-committers] Please add your GitHub username to your
 bugs.python.org account
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CADiSq7fGH+BMzpdt_pZds+He2jD9GTXWO1KPzksFP59TBAtAfQ@mail.gmail.com>

On 5 April 2016 at 09:45, Brett Cannon <brett at python.org> wrote:
> If you go to your bugs.python.org account you will notice there is now a
> "GitHub Name" field. Please fill that in with your GitHub username sometime
> this month. You can see who has already filled in their username by going to
> http://bugs.python.org/user?iscommitter=1&@action=search&@sort=username&@pagesize=300

Pre-empting a possible data quality problem: while everyone has left
it out so far, at some point we may start to see entries with the
leading "@" included in the GitHub username field. The GitHub API
doesn't strip that automatically, so we may need to clean it either in
Roundup directly or by stripping it in the bots when they retrieve the
username information from Roundup.

Cheers,
Nick.

-- 
Nick Coghlan   |   ncoghlan at gmail.com   |   Brisbane, Australia

From brett at python.org  Tue Apr  5 12:12:37 2016
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Tue, 05 Apr 2016 16:12:37 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Please add your GitHub username to your
 bugs.python.org account
In-Reply-To: <CADiSq7fGH+BMzpdt_pZds+He2jD9GTXWO1KPzksFP59TBAtAfQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>
 <CADiSq7fGH+BMzpdt_pZds+He2jD9GTXWO1KPzksFP59TBAtAfQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W5ouPGrDQv813GLgzLOhV8AuWEu68C99tYs-UGDfNFWHA@mail.gmail.com>

On Mon, 4 Apr 2016 at 18:29 Nick Coghlan <ncoghlan at gmail.com> wrote:

> On 5 April 2016 at 09:45, Brett Cannon <brett at python.org> wrote:
> > If you go to your bugs.python.org account you will notice there is now a
> > "GitHub Name" field. Please fill that in with your GitHub username
> sometime
> > this month. You can see who has already filled in their username by
> going to
> >
> http://bugs.python.org/user?iscommitter=1&@action=search&@sort=username&@pagesize=300
>
> Pre-empting a possible data quality problem: while everyone has left
> it out so far, at some point we may start to see entries with the
> leading "@" included in the GitHub username field. The GitHub API
> doesn't strip that automatically, so we may need to clean it either in
> Roundup directly or by stripping it in the bots when they retrieve the
> username information from Roundup.
>

It won't work on the bot end without making redundant calls with the '@'
sign when a GitHub username isn't found since we query based on GitHub
username. As for the Roundup-side, it can probably be tweaked to error if
an '@' sign is entered.

But I suspect it won't happen very often -- I personally don't see people
using the '@' sign prepended to their GitHub username when simply stating
it really ever -- and when it does at least in the case of the CLA bot it
will simply say it can't find a signed CLA and we can work with the person
directly to resolve it.

-Brett


>
> Cheers,
> Nick.
>
> --
> Nick Coghlan   |   ncoghlan at gmail.com   |   Brisbane, Australia
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160405/51107df7/attachment.html>

From larry at hastings.org  Wed Apr  6 15:42:44 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Wed, 6 Apr 2016 12:42:44 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Less than a week left! (was Re: Call For
 Participants For The 2016 Python Language Summit)
In-Reply-To: <56D63B6A.6040805@hastings.org>
References: <56D63B6A.6040805@hastings.org>
Message-ID: <570566B4.9020601@hastings.org>



As I mentioned in the original announcement, we'll close Language Summit 
invite signups next Tuesday, April 12th.  Signing up in advance makes 
planning much easier on us Language Summit organizers, and signing up 
through our web form makes it easiest on everybody.  If you plan to 
attend, please fill out the form in the next few days!  I promise it's 
short, clear, and easy.  It'll take you only a few minutes, honest.


And remember: if you're a core developer, your invitation is guaranteed,


[BL]arry

On 03/01/2016 05:01 PM, Larry Hastings wrote:
> Signups are open as of now, and will remain open for six weeks, 
> closing April 12th.  But it'll only take you a minute to fill out the 
> form, so you might as well do it right now!  Signing up sooner will 
> make our lives easier, too.
>
> You'll find a link to the signup form on the summit's official web 
> page, here:
>
>     https://us.pycon.org/2016/events/langsummit/
>

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160406/5c5f971f/attachment.html>

From larry at hastings.org  Tue Apr 12 05:32:20 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Tue, 12 Apr 2016 02:32:20 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Today's the last day for Language Summit invite
 requests
In-Reply-To: <570566B4.9020601@hastings.org>
References: <56D63B6A.6040805@hastings.org> <570566B4.9020601@hastings.org>
Message-ID: <570CC0A4.3090904@hastings.org>



Please sign up today if you want to attend.  We want to start planning 
the schedule and other details and it really helps to know who's coming 
and what they want to talk about as early as possible.

    https://us.pycon.org/2016/events/langsummit/


Thanks,

[BL]arry
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160412/9c1063fe/attachment.html>

From larry at hastings.org  Thu Apr 21 13:59:35 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Thu, 21 Apr 2016 10:59:35 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] All Language Summit invites have been sent!
Message-ID: <57191507.6050409@hastings.org>



Barry and I have sent out notices to everyone who requested an 
invite--check the inbox for the email address you supplied us with!

And boy are our fingers tired,


[BL]arry

From brett at python.org  Fri Apr 22 19:13:51 2016
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Fri, 22 Apr 2016 23:13:51 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] Please add your GitHub username to your
 bugs.python.org account
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAP1=2W50JpF8G1gHEqGtQF=ZT-+W2EFC3yWdFZypKcqbf6uBRQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W6Ddc21uiu=yTcgLS1xQqA0L4qyN_CR4Xk-7kjdehAQ5A@mail.gmail.com>

Just a quick reminder for folks to please fill in their GitHub username on
bugs.python.org by May 1 if possible to make my and your life easier.

We are on track to move our first repository to GitHub before PyCon US
(devinabox to start, hopefully another one like peps and/or the devguide as
well shortly thereafter if there's time), so it will soon not be a
hypothetical thing to want to have GitHub access.

On Mon, 4 Apr 2016 at 16:45 Brett Cannon <brett at python.org> wrote:

> If you go to your bugs.python.org account you will notice there is now a
> "GitHub Name" field. Please fill that in with your GitHub username sometime
> this month. You can see who has already filled in their username by going
> to
> http://bugs.python.org/user?iscommitter=1&@action=search&@sort=username&@pagesize=300
>  .
>
> Let's aim to have those fields filled in by the end of the month? It's not
> a huge deal if you don't get to it in time but it makes my life easier if I
> can add everyone to the python-dev -- or maybe python-committers; haven't
> chosen the name yet -- team on GitHub at once instead of piecemeal over
> time. I'm hoping to get devinabox, benchmarks, peps, and devguide
> repositories moved to GitHub by PyCon US, hence why I'm asking people do
> this now instead of later.
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160422/94f731be/attachment.html>

From ncoghlan at gmail.com  Sun Apr 24 00:49:52 2016
From: ncoghlan at gmail.com (Nick Coghlan)
Date: Sun, 24 Apr 2016 14:49:52 +1000
Subject: [python-committers] Tweaks to the Motivations & Affiliations page
Message-ID: <CADiSq7fnJ0bdk+wZpaO2_Rs6VAQCeKtbDW8MU0cgBQ4K7=x=1g@mail.gmail.com>

Hi folks,

I just pushed an update to the Motivations & Affiliations page in the
Developer Guide: https://hg.python.org/devguide/rev/9a9f32fcb794

That's mainly based on a recent conversation with Brett, where he pointed
out:

- not everyone is going to have a concise personal bio handy, but might
still be happy to provide relevant employer info
- I'd never explicitly posted here to say the page was no longer
experimental

The update aims to address both of those observations.

For the first one, I changed the wording of both the overall page and the
guidelines for making new entries to say that "I work for <company> in
<country/continent>" is still useful information to share if folks are
comfortable doing so.

So, if you work for a CPython redistributor, or a large corporate or
institutional user of CPython, and are willing to share that info, I
encourage you to clone the devguide repo and update the revised page.

The reason for that is that professional affiliations give both the PSF and
other organisations with a vested interest in CPython's future a better
sense of:

- the diversity of use cases encountered directly by current core developers
- the diversity of funding supporting the availability of current core
developers (as even when employers aren't funding contributions directly,
it's our paid work and other sources of income that provide us with the
free time needed for volunteer work like contributing to CPython ourselves,
as well as mentoring other contributors)

The request for regional information primarily relates to the "diversity of
use cases" representation question - the world's a complex place, and
there's no substitute for actually living and working in a region when it
comes to understanding the needs and interests of that region.

For the second one, while I do still consider this page part of an
experiment, the page itself isn't likely to go away at this point. Instead,
I consider the experiment to be a larger one around open source supply
chain management and what happens if you take sustaining engineering
information for a project that could (at least in theory) be obtained by
mining publicly available information, and instead ask contributors if
they're willing to explicitly volunteer that data in a central location.

Regards,
Nick.

-- 
Nick Coghlan   |   ncoghlan at gmail.com   |   Brisbane, Australia
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160424/5f474c0f/attachment.html>

From victor.stinner at gmail.com  Sun Apr 24 03:30:50 2016
From: victor.stinner at gmail.com (Victor Stinner)
Date: Sun, 24 Apr 2016 09:30:50 +0200
Subject: [python-committers] Tweaks to the Motivations & Affiliations
 page
In-Reply-To: <CADiSq7fnJ0bdk+wZpaO2_Rs6VAQCeKtbDW8MU0cgBQ4K7=x=1g@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CADiSq7fnJ0bdk+wZpaO2_Rs6VAQCeKtbDW8MU0cgBQ4K7=x=1g@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAMpsgwY-6OCCzvYz9dpBFaMSUec8BmukSbAUTdpQ+Cwzbtdf3g@mail.gmail.com>

I added myself to mention that my employer Red Hat gives me time to
work on CPython.

Victor

2016-04-24 6:49 GMT+02:00 Nick Coghlan <ncoghlan at gmail.com>:
> Hi folks,
>
> I just pushed an update to the Motivations & Affiliations page in the
> Developer Guide: https://hg.python.org/devguide/rev/9a9f32fcb794
>
> That's mainly based on a recent conversation with Brett, where he pointed
> out:
>
> - not everyone is going to have a concise personal bio handy, but might
> still be happy to provide relevant employer info
> - I'd never explicitly posted here to say the page was no longer
> experimental
>
> The update aims to address both of those observations.
>
> For the first one, I changed the wording of both the overall page and the
> guidelines for making new entries to say that "I work for <company> in
> <country/continent>" is still useful information to share if folks are
> comfortable doing so.
>
> So, if you work for a CPython redistributor, or a large corporate or
> institutional user of CPython, and are willing to share that info, I
> encourage you to clone the devguide repo and update the revised page.
>
> The reason for that is that professional affiliations give both the PSF and
> other organisations with a vested interest in CPython's future a better
> sense of:
>
> - the diversity of use cases encountered directly by current core developers
> - the diversity of funding supporting the availability of current core
> developers (as even when employers aren't funding contributions directly,
> it's our paid work and other sources of income that provide us with the free
> time needed for volunteer work like contributing to CPython ourselves, as
> well as mentoring other contributors)
>
> The request for regional information primarily relates to the "diversity of
> use cases" representation question - the world's a complex place, and
> there's no substitute for actually living and working in a region when it
> comes to understanding the needs and interests of that region.
>
> For the second one, while I do still consider this page part of an
> experiment, the page itself isn't likely to go away at this point. Instead,
> I consider the experiment to be a larger one around open source supply chain
> management and what happens if you take sustaining engineering information
> for a project that could (at least in theory) be obtained by mining publicly
> available information, and instead ask contributors if they're willing to
> explicitly volunteer that data in a central location.
>
> Regards,
> Nick.
>
> --
> Nick Coghlan   |   ncoghlan at gmail.com   |   Brisbane, Australia
>
> _______________________________________________
> python-committers mailing list
> python-committers at python.org
> https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-committers
> Code of Conduct: https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/

From larry at hastings.org  Thu Apr 28 21:35:57 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Thu, 28 Apr 2016 18:35:57 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] Release schedule for Python 3.5.2
Message-ID: <5722BA7D.2020008@hastings.org>



I've been holding off on the hope that one or two bugs would get fixes.  
But those seem to have stalled.  So I think it's time that we pushed out 
a 3.5.2.  Maybe announcing a schedule will light a fire under some rumps.

I put "Spring 2016" as the release date for 3.5.2 on the 3.5 release 
schedule PEP.  Officially, spring ends--and summer begins--Tuesday June 
21 at 12:24am EDT.  However on the off chance that the PyCon sprints are 
productive, I want to hold off until those are done, and maybe give it a 
couple extra days for the dust to settle.  Last sprint day is Sunday 
June 5th.  So, bottom line, the RC will happen during spring, but the 
final release will technically be during summer.

3.5.2 RC 1 - tag Sat June 11, release Sun June 12
3.5.2 Final - tag Sat June 25, release Sun June 26

Any problems with that?  Speak up now.


//arry/
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160428/d94f87b2/attachment.html>

From larry at hastings.org  Fri Apr 29 18:46:34 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 15:46:34 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
Message-ID: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>



This month there were over 350 emails in python-dev with the word 
"pathlib" in the title.  Yet, despite this massive online debate, nobody 
volunteered to present about pathlib at the language summit.

Based on Jake Edge's summary of the conversation from LWN.net we've 
boiled down the debate to these six basic positions.

 1. We should keep pathlib in the standard library.
 2. We should remove pathlib from the standard library.
 3. The Path object should inherit from str.
 4. The Path object shouldn't inherit from str; it should continue to be
    its own unrelated type.
 5. We need a new "fspath" protocol.
 6. We don't need an "fspath" protocol.

We'd like some volunteers to speak on each of these positions. Speakers 
should plan for a maximum of 2 minutes per position.  After the six 
positions are presented at the summit we'll open the floor for debate.

You're encouraged to volunteer to present more than one!  For example, 
if you think we need the protocol, you're probably pro- keeping the 
object and anti-inherit from str.  (Brett, we're looking at /you.)/

Please note, volunteers should be people who are *already invited to the 
summit*.  We can't invite additional people just for this--and we're 
basically full anyway.


Thanks,


[BL]arry

p.s. In case you're thinking "That's not fair!  I can't make it to the 
summit, I don't want to get left out of the decision!"  We don't propose 
to make any binding decisions at the summit--unless the BDFL makes 
pronouncements there of course.  This discussion is intended as a quick 
face-to-face debate on the topic, both to inform the delegates at the 
summit, and to possibly find a rough consensus.

p.p.s. If we mischaracterized the debate, and the positions above aren't 
a good distillation, by all means follow up and make a 
counter-proposal!  We're listening.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160429/d043aa90/attachment.html>

From guido at python.org  Fri Apr 29 18:53:07 2016
From: guido at python.org (Guido van Rossum)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 15:53:07 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
In-Reply-To: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
References: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
Message-ID: <CAP7+vJJp5QSu2vsxWr1Lr+0MEoxATfzn0nYsKmLwCioNW5r_1Q@mail.gmail.com>

The primary debate should be about fspath or not. Inheriting from str is
off the table while I'm BDFL. Removing pathlib from the stdlib would only
be on the table if we can't reach agreement on fspath.

On Fri, Apr 29, 2016 at 3:46 PM, Larry Hastings <larry at hastings.org> wrote:

>
>
> This month there were over 350 emails in python-dev with the word
> "pathlib" in the title.  Yet, despite this massive online debate, nobody
> volunteered to present about pathlib at the language summit.
>
> Based on Jake Edge's summary of the conversation from LWN.net we've boiled
> down the debate to these six basic positions.
>
>    1. We should keep pathlib in the standard library.
>    2. We should remove pathlib from the standard library.
>    3. The Path object should inherit from str.
>    4. The Path object shouldn't inherit from str; it should continue to
>    be its own unrelated type.
>    5. We need a new "fspath" protocol.
>    6. We don't need an "fspath" protocol.
>
> We'd like some volunteers to speak on each of these positions.  Speakers
> should plan for a maximum of 2 minutes per position.  After the six
> positions are presented at the summit we'll open the floor for debate.
>
> You're encouraged to volunteer to present more than one!  For example, if
> you think we need the protocol, you're probably pro- keeping the object and
> anti-inherit from str.  (Brett, we're looking at *you.)*
>
> Please note, volunteers should be people who are *already invited to the
> summit*.  We can't invite additional people just for this--and we're
> basically full anyway.
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
> [BL]arry
>
> p.s. In case you're thinking "That's not fair!  I can't make it to the
> summit, I don't want to get left out of the decision!"  We don't propose to
> make any binding decisions at the summit--unless the BDFL makes
> pronouncements there of course.  This discussion is intended as a quick
> face-to-face debate on the topic, both to inform the delegates at the
> summit, and to possibly find a rough consensus.
>
> p.p.s. If we mischaracterized the debate, and the positions above aren't a
> good distillation, by all means follow up and make a counter-proposal!
> We're listening.
>
> _______________________________________________
> python-committers mailing list
> python-committers at python.org
> https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-committers
> Code of Conduct: https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/
>



-- 
--Guido van Rossum (python.org/~guido)
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160429/114cf14b/attachment.html>

From brett at python.org  Fri Apr 29 18:55:14 2016
From: brett at python.org (Brett Cannon)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 22:55:14 +0000
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
In-Reply-To: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
References: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
Message-ID: <CAP1=2W4YWhhocVoaER55VJUPVPZOT7KJBWysaFOrhuHgb3Us6Q@mail.gmail.com>

PEP has first draft done. Giving Koos and Stephen to comment on it before I
post it (I'll give them until Monday).

On Fri, Apr 29, 2016, 15:46 Larry Hastings <larry at hastings.org> wrote:

>
>
> This month there were over 350 emails in python-dev with the word
> "pathlib" in the title.  Yet, despite this massive online debate, nobody
> volunteered to present about pathlib at the language summit.
>
> Based on Jake Edge's summary of the conversation from LWN.net we've boiled
> down the debate to these six basic positions.
>
>    1. We should keep pathlib in the standard library.
>    2. We should remove pathlib from the standard library.
>    3. The Path object should inherit from str.
>    4. The Path object shouldn't inherit from str; it should continue to
>    be its own unrelated type.
>    5. We need a new "fspath" protocol.
>    6. We don't need an "fspath" protocol.
>
> We'd like some volunteers to speak on each of these positions.  Speakers
> should plan for a maximum of 2 minutes per position.  After the six
> positions are presented at the summit we'll open the floor for debate.
>
> You're encouraged to volunteer to present more than one!  For example, if
> you think we need the protocol, you're probably pro- keeping the object and
> anti-inherit from str.  (Brett, we're looking at *you.)*
>
> Please note, volunteers should be people who are *already invited to the
> summit*.  We can't invite additional people just for this--and we're
> basically full anyway.
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
> [BL]arry
>
> p.s. In case you're thinking "That's not fair!  I can't make it to the
> summit, I don't want to get left out of the decision!"  We don't propose to
> make any binding decisions at the summit--unless the BDFL makes
> pronouncements there of course.  This discussion is intended as a quick
> face-to-face debate on the topic, both to inform the delegates at the
> summit, and to possibly find a rough consensus.
>
> p.p.s. If we mischaracterized the debate, and the positions above aren't a
> good distillation, by all means follow up and make a counter-proposal!
> We're listening.
> _______________________________________________
> python-committers mailing list
> python-committers at python.org
> https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-committers
> Code of Conduct: https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160429/7e878de1/attachment-0001.html>

From larry at hastings.org  Fri Apr 29 23:44:58 2016
From: larry at hastings.org (Larry Hastings)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 20:44:58 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
In-Reply-To: <CAP7+vJJp5QSu2vsxWr1Lr+0MEoxATfzn0nYsKmLwCioNW5r_1Q@mail.gmail.com>
References: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
 <CAP7+vJJp5QSu2vsxWr1Lr+0MEoxATfzn0nYsKmLwCioNW5r_1Q@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <57242A3A.1080103@hastings.org>


On 04/29/2016 03:53 PM, Guido van Rossum wrote:
> The primary debate should be about fspath or not. Inheriting from str 
> is off the table while I'm BDFL. Removing pathlib from the stdlib 
> would only be on the table if we can't reach agreement on fspath.

WFM.  Are there competing proposals for how fspath should work, or is 
there just one proposal and the debate is whether or not to add it?


//arry/

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160429/32b3788d/attachment.html>

From guido at python.org  Sat Apr 30 00:07:40 2016
From: guido at python.org (Guido van Rossum)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2016 21:07:40 -0700
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
In-Reply-To: <57242A3A.1080103@hastings.org>
References: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
 <CAP7+vJJp5QSu2vsxWr1Lr+0MEoxATfzn0nYsKmLwCioNW5r_1Q@mail.gmail.com>
 <57242A3A.1080103@hastings.org>
Message-ID: <CAP7+vJLtHuYThVCdLoX91ytvL7=H-h-HwehUskYMihSDcc+QZw@mail.gmail.com>

Wait for Brett.

On Friday, April 29, 2016, Larry Hastings <larry at hastings.org> wrote:

>
> On 04/29/2016 03:53 PM, Guido van Rossum wrote:
>
> The primary debate should be about fspath or not. Inheriting from str is
> off the table while I'm BDFL. Removing pathlib from the stdlib would only
> be on the table if we can't reach agreement on fspath.
>
>
> WFM.  Are there competing proposals for how fspath should work, or is
> there just one proposal and the debate is whether or not to add it?
>
>
> */arry*
>
>

-- 
--Guido (mobile)
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-committers/attachments/20160429/a23779f4/attachment.html>

From steve at pearwood.info  Sat Apr 30 23:26:23 2016
From: steve at pearwood.info (Steven D'Aprano)
Date: Sun, 1 May 2016 13:26:23 +1000
Subject: [python-committers] 2016 Python Language Summit: Can we get
 volunteers to talk about pathlib?
In-Reply-To: <CAP1=2W4YWhhocVoaER55VJUPVPZOT7KJBWysaFOrhuHgb3Us6Q@mail.gmail.com>
References: <5723E44A.4030504@hastings.org>
 <CAP1=2W4YWhhocVoaER55VJUPVPZOT7KJBWysaFOrhuHgb3Us6Q@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <20160501032623.GA13497@ando.pearwood.info>

On Fri, Apr 29, 2016 at 10:55:14PM +0000, Brett Cannon wrote:
> PEP has first draft done. Giving Koos and Stephen to comment on it before I
> post it (I'll give them until Monday).

Brett, thanks for this! I've looked at the size of the threads on 
pathlib and my brain started making "whib whib whib" noises and tried to 
hide, so I really appreciate the work you're doing.


-- 
Steve

